# Thursday 1 March, 2018

Today, I stayed home to continue processing my code. I realized that when I changed my window size my code did not work. I had to go back , 
but since my code was already long I checked every step with the print function to find the step that caused this chaos. Luckily, I got it
and it turnt out to work just fine after that. My code runs for multiple sequences as well as for single sequences. It consists of 3 different
scripts. One that transforms any chosen train set into SVM model inputs (sequence, topology). This script also includes the train set's training on
the SVM model and cross validation of the chosen svm classifier. The second script included commands, which transformed the test set into
SVM input (sequence and topology). The last script calls the two previous ones as modules and then it predicts the test set's topologies.

In addition to this, because I am very fond of visualization of the results, I made a confussion matrix to see how many topologies were 
predicted wrong. The predictions scores and the cross validation scores are still high (>0.8) and I try to find why, since the plot  can give me
a very subjective perspective of what really happens. I have also realized that by increasing the window size from 3 to 15 (checking all the
within sizes), the amount of right predictions increases. So, maybe it is a combination of window sizes and the svm parameters that 
changes the performance of the SVM. I will see the next days. I will upload my three scripts on my Classifiers_Code folder (inside the Bin 
folder), with the titles input_SVM_train.py, input_test_set.py and SVM_on_test_set.py, later tonight. I have already uploaded the previous version of the
codes as I mentioned on the previous diaries, but those ones run fine compare to the previous ones. I did not want to remove them yet, so I put these on a separate folder
