# Wednesday 28 February, 2018

Today I went to the lab to demonstrate my input code to the TAs, which was functioning really well. John suggested me to modify it for multiple 
sequences now that I am done, and so did I. My code merges the sequences and the final X array is an array of windows coming from different
sequences. The same applies to the topologies (y). 

In this point, I trained my SVM model to a subdataset of 10 proteins and then to another with 50 proteins. I used the model to predict the 
same data as the input data, just to check how good the predictions are. I did not get much, because the scores are very high (~0.86), which is suspicious. The score 
is higher compared to other prediction methods, thus I know I should change parameters. The same applies to RandomForest. When I will do that and check the 
accuracy of my classifier, I will proceed with larger training set and a test set, before I will try to use my whole dataset. 

The number of the proteins of my dataset is quite high (more than 1000) and it will take time to run and I was thinking that if I have time
in the last weeks to try Neural Networks. I just need to confirm with my supervisor who can give access to one of our labs GPU. But that would
be complementary, because I am really curious to see how it is going to work and what scores I can get. 

Later in the afternoon with my group, we did our paper presentations and gave to each other feedback orally. They actually knew about TOPCONS 
from the previous course I was not attending to. But, I will try my best to give a nice presentation without a lot of overlapping. 
I will write the evaluations for my 4 classmates probably later tonight to have them ready by tomorrow morning. 
