# Thursday 22 February, 2018

1) Yesterday night and today morning I worked with sliding windows and one-hot encoder. I managed to make a functional code, which produces the input we need for running sklearn SVM. More specifically, I created a code that gives as an output groups of amino acids (e.g. triplets), but in order to read all of the amino acids with the sliding window method, I had to add 0s at the beginning and the end of each protein sequence. The number of zeros is determined by the number of windows we used each time, i.e. n = int(slide_window/2). In case of triplets a 0 is added to the beginning and the end of a sequence. My code asks to add manually the number of sliding windows, thus I have tried different numbers. 

In parallel, I made a dictionary, where I assigned for every amino acid a value from 1-20 (0 assigned to the '0's). By utilizing these labels, I transformed the groups of amino acids of every sequence into numbers. I used the OneHotEncoder() function provided by sklearn package, to get binaries for every group of amino acids of a single sequence. 

# Example

If for instance, my sequence was ['AADC'] and I chose a sliding window of 3, I would get ['0AADC0'], which will give us 4 triplets: ['0AA','AAD','ADC','DC0']. The triplets will be transformed into triplets of integers [011,113,132,320]. For this 4-amino acid sequence,  
one-hot encoder would give as an output an nd array with 4 arrays of 3*21 binaries each (a binary corresponding to every amino acid out of the 20 amino acids + a 0).

e.g. For the first triplet, 001, OneHotEncoder would give as an output [100000000000000000000010000000000000000000010000000000000000000], 
where len(triplet))=63. 

Then, I made labels for the topological features I have (G,S,M) and I assigned values to them from 0 to 2. I ran a code for every sequence, which transformed every topological feature into integers of 0, 1 or 2. 


# Additionally: 

2) I prepared and sent the list of the 5 papers and the project plan to Arne. 

3) I am reading the paper for tomorrow's journal club.
