# Friday 23 February, 2018



This day was mostly dedicated on the Deep Learning journal club and the group meeting at SciLifeLab. During the breaks and at the end of the day I had the opportunity to discuss with the TA's about some questions I had over my code. Some parts need modification and I will work on that tonight. More specifically, we talked about the 0s we add the beginning and at the end of every protein sequence. I misunderstood that we have to assign a value to 0, exactly as we do with the aminoacids which is not correct. The 0 should be represented as an array of 20 0s [0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0] to have later a correct input for the svm model. 

I changed my code in some other parts as well.  I did not assign any value to the aminoacids (e.g. 1-20), since I will give weight to them and the results of the svm model may be not be the desirable ones. Instead, I transformed them into one-hot encodings with a pandas function called get_dummies. My final output though, should be a dictionary in a form of : {A:[1,0,0,0,0,...], C:[0,1,0,0,0,0,...]...}. Right now I am working on that part. I try to use the one-hot encoding output from pandas to create this dictionary. Then, I will utilize the sliding window code to fix the windows for creating the feature input for my svm model. 

I did the wrong to not upload my code so far, but I was actually working with it all the days. I was working on my runall python file, which gets longer and longer, but I broke down my code into smaller parts and I have upload 3 of them. The first is about putting my subset's elements (protein ID, sequence, topology) into lists instead of a dictionary. The second is the sliding window code, while the third one includes topology label transformation into integers of 1, 2 and 3. For the second and the third python files, I used simple examples of sequences and topologies, I made. I have already tested them for my subdataset as well and it works correctly.

Last but not least, I got the paper for my presentation and I am happy, because it is the one that it is closest on my topic. I will present the TOPCONS web server. 
