# Wednesday 21 February, 2018

Today I am working with the one hot encoder and sliding windows

1) I read reading material about one-hot encoder and sliding windows. It is the first time I am working with these topics, but after a long day of reading I understood how they work.

2) I improved my parse code for my dataset for the 5 proteins. More specifically, I decided to switch from a nested dictionary (I am not goint to delete the script though) to three lists:

	a) Protein_ID
	b) Sequence
	c) Topology

I also changed the code in my for loop, which I made to append my dataset's lines to the three lists. While reading the second line, I wrote if line.startswith('M'), because I realized that all my sequences started with the letter M. I decided that this is not a proper way of coding (what should I have done in case my sequences started with different letters?), so I changed it completely. 
From these 3 aforementioned lists, I made a pandas DataFrame, which gave me the opportunity to see the output of my code and that it actually worked correctly.

3) One hot encoder: I decided to try two different ways. First, I tried it with the help of pandas, which gave me one-hot encodings based on my 3 different secondary structures (labels) I have on my dataset (G,  M , S). Later today I will work on sklearn one-hot encoder, because I am also curious to see how it works. Last but not least, if I manage to proceed with my plans without any delay, I will continue with producing one hot encodings using sliding windows. I will start with sliding windows = 3 and then I will probably try more than 3. 

4) I will push my code to my github repository when I will finish with these steps (later tonight or tomorrow morning).
